_pages/splash.md, before:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/landing_photo.jpg"
  overlay_color: "#88ddf2"
  actions:
    - label: "<i class='fas fa-download'></i> my CV"
      url: "/assets/documents/vnagpal_CV.pdf"
excerpt: >
  PhD student and NSF Graduate Research Fellow  <br /> at the University of Chicago
  <small><a href="https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/releases/tag/4.26.2">Latest release v4.26.2</a></small>
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/dalle_subneptune.jpg
    alt: "my research"
    title: "research"
    excerpt: "exoplanets, radio astronomy and more"
    url: "/docs/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/landing_photo.jpg
    alt: "fully responsive"
    title: "outreach & service"
    excerpt: "Built with HTML5 + CSS3. All layouts are fully responsive with helpers to augment your content."
    url: "/docs/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/landing_photo.jpg
    alt: "100% free"
    title: "about me"
    excerpt: "Free to use however you want under the MIT License. Clone it, fork it, customize it... whatever!"
    url: "/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"      
---

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

resized photos and added ilight photo to splash page

_pages/splash.md, after:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/landing_photo.jpg"
  overlay_color: "#88ddf2"
  actions:
    - label: "<i class='fas fa-download'></i> my CV"
      url: "/assets/documents/vnagpal_CV.pdf"
excerpt: >
  PhD student and NSF Graduate Research Fellow  <br /> at the University of Chicago
  <small><a href="https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/releases/tag/4.26.2">Latest release v4.26.2</a></small>
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/dalle_subneptune.jpg
    alt: "my research"
    title: "research"
    excerpt: "exoplanets, radio astronomy and more"
    url: "/docs/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/ilight_selfie2.jpg
    alt: "fully responsive"
    title: "outreach & service"
    excerpt: "in progress"
    url: "/docs/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"
  - image_path: /assets/images/landing_photo.jpg
    alt: "100% free"
    title: "about me"
    excerpt: "in progress"
    url: "/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"      
---

{% include feature_row %}
